oh yes air supply ha
Oh
and all the third one just scares me
still
I'll hire
it's a fine sunny day for an epic log
ride through seymour mountain these logs
have been laid here by the ancient ones
for your enjoyment thank goodness for
watch out and the log rides continue
with little angled options and jots to
the left and right whatever it be give
it a worldly barrel just kids ripping it
laying into it
take two on the wall jumper
home she'll roll the tree 360 straight
bowfin it out of sight folks
northshore cbc trail ripping through a
little S curve action and down the other
side
oh come on Berkey
see the face to boot to boot I took that
one in the crotch bushwhacking some
other plummet galbraith gap we have
found the top ladies and gentleman and
it's right at home he'll get your
shizzle on the rizal
we're come bringing it back
you're just like
chef Burke on the blue dirt bag in front
Chad doing the triple drop
oh my god